0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis? 
         It is the longest word in the English language, and it refers to a lung
         disease that is also known as silicosis.
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
         According to the man page description for getrusage() returns 
         information on resource usage statistics used by the current process, 
         and or all of the terminated child processes.
2.  Per the same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct 
    rusage?
         The rusage struct stores 16 members.
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value)
    to calculate, even though we're not changing their contents?
         The values are passed by reference, because we need to know the actual
         value "before" and "after" the program has run instead of copies, as 
         those copies may have different values, due to creating a copy.
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes 
    about reading words from a file. In oter words, convince us that you indeed
    understand how that frunction's for loop works.
         The main() function reads words from a file by: First, it loads the 
         requeted dictionary file by using the load(dictionary) function, checks
         if it loaded. Second, if loads the text file supplied at the command 
         line and assigns the it to the file pointer *fp, checks if it opened. 
         Third, a for-loop is used to cycle through the entire text file using 
         a variable c = fgetc(fp) until EOF is reached. Within this for-loop, 
         if c is alpha or apostrophe, it is apended to the variable word[], if 
         if length of word is longer than LENGTH or if it is a digit it ignores
         word and moves on to the next word. Fourth, if index is > 0 a word has 
         been found, it runs getrusage to start stats, checks if the word is
         misspelled by running check(word), it runs getrusage to end stats. It 
         calculates the stats. prints word if it is misspelled, and then moves
         on to the next word.    
5.  Why do yo think we used fgetc to read each word's characters one at a time
    rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at
    a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf
    alone?
         The problems with fscanf are: you have to allocate memory for a string 
         prior to reading it from the file. The strings may also contain other
         non-alphanumeric chars, because you cannot skip them. The program would
         be less flexible. 
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
         They are declared as const, so that they cannot be modified. 
7.  What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure
    not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound
    on what's inside each of your "nodes."
8.  How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
9.  What kinds of changes, if any did you make to your code over the course of 
    the week in order to improve its performance?
10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to 
    chip away at?
